Learnings
In this online session I learnt about git and github. Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency and Github is a plateform where we can make our repositories and contribute in open source projects. 
I also came to know about that how we can use git commands in gitbash terminal to control github e.g. To clone a repository using git clone command, Push files to repository by adding the file using git add command and then we commit using git commit then finally we can push that file to github using git push command and there are lot of other commands as well like git checkout for creating branch etc..
The main thing I've learned from this session which I already wanted to know is that how to contribute in an open source project. To contirbute in an open source project first we have to fork a repository then we can change files, things which we wanted to do and then we push that changes in a repository which we have forked then we will send a pull request for the acceeptance of that changes. The new thing which I learned in the session was that by contributing in open source projects we can maintain our profile and contirbution graph. If we have powerful and impressing profile which shows our efforts then the companies will approach us. As Mr. Vivek shared his interview experience in which his github profile was important factor. That's why I also have thought that in future I will try to contribute in many projects so that I can make my profile much effective. I must share that through this session I found a proper track and guidlines which helped me alot to understand git and github and will remain very helpful and useful in the future.
